AdsAnalyser Privacy Policy
Welcome to visit our products. AdsAnalyser (including services provided by products such as App, hereinafter referred to as "products and services") is developed and operated by M&E Mobile Technology Limited (hereinafter referred to as "we"). Our site is: http://maetimes.com/.
Ensuring the data security and privacy protection of our users is our top priority, and this Privacy Policy sets out the data collected when you visit and use our products and services and how they are handled.
Please read carefully and confirm that you fully understand all the rules and points of this Privacy Policy before continuing to use our products. Once you choose to use it, it is deemed that you agree to the entire content of this Privacy Policy and that we collect and use you according to it. related information. If you have any questions about this policy during the reading process, you can contact our customer service for consultation, please contact us through yangkaiyuan@maetimes.com or the feedback method in the product. If you do not agree with the relevant agreement or any of its terms, you should stop using our products and services.
This Privacy Policy helps you understand the following: 1. How we collect and use your personal information; 2. How we store and protect your personal information.

\1. How we collect and use your personal information
Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or in other ways that, alone or in combination with other information, can identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. We collect and use your personal information in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations and strictly follow the principles of legitimacy, lawfulness, and necessity for your use of the services and/or products we provide.

\2. How we store and protect your personal information
We only retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected. We will retain your personal information for as long as is strictly necessary to manage our relationship with you. We ensure that your personal information is completely deleted or anonymised when it is no longer necessary for our statutory obligations or statutory statutes of limitations for purposes or files.
We protect the personal information you provide using industry-standard security safeguards and encrypt critical data within it from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. We will take all reasonably practicable steps to protect your personal information. We use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; we use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from malicious attacks.
We will notify you before revising this policy so that you can review the revised policy before choosing to continue using our products.